Hello Good afternoon
How are you Normal
What do you do I’m sitting in chat roulette
I understand I mean in general I’m sitting
now roulette all the time
sometimes I sleep sometimes sleep change chat
roulette and sleep physiology does not allow me
to sit 24 hours in a cage Eh and what are you
doing
doing juicing works
you don’t write down, I
communicate with the Russians, I bring
propaganda to them, it turns out
well
at first it was somehow a little difficult, but
then I
honed my skills very much.
I found you. In short, it’s very cool, like I’m
thinking, sometimes we exchange contacts.
There are people who, for example,
can convince them now to
act against Putin’s government with roulette, there are
some dirty tricks there.  all your hands a
group of people in no city
what are you And that you are somewhere drop by
drop somewhere something like look here
you are satisfied with Putin he like says
no Like yes that Putin seized power and
so on yes We explain that for now
Ukraine will not win Yes, the Putin regime will
not change in any way, and therefore, in order to
change the release of a person
in Russia until he has become free, it is necessary
for Ukraine to win to help
her win, that is, to derail
trains there, for example, some military registration and enlistment offices
to disrupt such mobilization  things
are still drops in the sea It seems to me
no, well, how do you see one Cartridge is
a drop in the ocean or not of course, but it can
change the situation if you use it correctly, there
are no such examples
for example, there is
Russian
Not a fact, by the way, I’m not sure
I have such a policy that a drop of a drop
Yes, and there will be, but a drop
there are other people
who directly before all sorts of things do
things there and
fight And so on we
will shake the Russian Federation from the inside, it turns out
I just seem to think that the Russian
Federation will shake itself I will say
this is how the Russian Federation itself helps us
and these
warring parties in  it’s in
the middle It’s awesome there Prigozhin on
rifle shooting on prigozhina
today already these Chechens on wakner on
creatures we’re freaking out we just don’t
have time to react to these Messies of theirs It
seems to me that it’s not right to cope
Our task is to cope with the Russian
Federation by itself  the collapse of the
Russian Empire in 2013 the first
stage 91 The Soviet second stage is
now underway 3 it can stretch for a
decade
they can handle it themselves if we help it
will be faster and in our interests and in the
interests of the peoples of the Russian Federation
so that it is faster
and in which peoples of the Russian Federation are
the Chechens  Ingush Tatars Bashkorts What
will they do without the Russian
Federation And what do the
Czechs do without the Austro-Hungarian
Empire about Chekhov, I don’t know, I just know
that the Tatars do nothing It
was the Austro-Hungarian Empire of the Czech Republic
Slovakia, they lived in the Austro-Hungarian
Empire did not  became the author of the Hungarian translation
What the Czechs disappeared, the Slovaks live in their
national state, the
Hungarian empire was very small for a
very long time, like the
Russian Empire or Russia,
whatever it is called, the Tatars have
been living with them since 1562, a
long time ago it was naturally
not independent when  Ivan the
Terrible took Kazan,
but there was no yes, well, that is, I say if the
Czech Republic lived longer without their own state
and were able to have a word for me in general,
I understood that you were in Russia in
2005 near the Makzal
and I actually mean that we have
Tatars here  mixed with Russians so
much that conditionally Tatarstan, which is
divided. Suddenly, if you take a Tatar,
for example, who in Moscow you can’t quite
distinguish him from Russian, because Russian
is also for the most part a conglomeration of
different peoples outlined in the 19th century in the
20th century, and so on,
but Tatarstan has a very clear
dichotomy from the founding of Russia This is Islam
and Christianity this is a cultural barrier that
which it did not manifest itself until the
Russian Empire dominated
this non-Islamic population now the
birth rate among Russians is less and
less the birth rate among representatives of the
Turkic peoples of the Caucasian peoples is
more and more that is, if in Russia in a
Russian family  one or two children in
Tatarstan 3-4 But in fact it’s not like that. I’m
just the
fact that I’m just from Kazan and I
’ll tell you so here half of the population of the
Russian halves of the Tatars and if we are
talking about
fertility, it was right that we were looking for
the Caucasus Central Asia to be very prolific  and
the people and here are the Tatars Kazan
city If you speak in the city of Kazan I
live in Tatarstan I live But I work in
everything
in the village everything is the same 50 to 50 well I
didn’t count I can’t say I won’t take
a few years ago I saw
the increase in the population there is
practically Nika No, maybe three-
tenths of a percent there 4 don’t pull, they don’t want
to breed
Here I am, Alexander, you see that
in Tatarstan the influence of the Tatar language is
somehow starting to increase Tatar
identity and starting to increase I
can tell you how things are going here
we
really don’t have a few radical
people here who wanted to have more
Tatar language But at the same time, how did it
happen They wanted to cut off
part of the conditional mathematics, add
more Tatar language, they were told Shah and
this question was closed
immediately for 20 years, as Minnikhanov’s
position is now called
the president of Tatarstan or something already
decided you that the republics should not have a
president that they be
called Well, they didn’t decide it
Kadyrov said that he cannot be
president no
before that Look, the State Duma adopted this from you A
couple of years ago, everyone else
changed the name Tatarstan to
the last held on  Yes,
what is the name of this one now,
I’ll tell you honestly, I don’t know
more and more comes from Moscow Yes, well,
no, I think that this is most likely a kind of
return, because in Soviet times, as
they rightly said, after all,
really, since it was a
materialistic society, they were slaughtered
conditionally that one religion that
they reduced their second religion Now they will start
that Orthodox churches
have been built to hell, that mosques,
if I’m not mistaken, in Kazan there is already a
conflict, in my opinion Yes, what do they want
to build this
cathedral at the entrance to Kazan yes yes there is no conflict
attraction turns out the Tatars are acting
in short, the Russian Orthodox
Church wants this cathedral to be Higher it turns out
in a mosque Yes, it’s not the Tatars who
want it and not the Orthodox church,
some people want it
I read Yes, that they will still build and
already in the Tatar society there is very
great dissatisfaction because of this, yes
that they want to build this
Orthodox temple higher than the Tatar mosque in
Tatar society there is no satisfaction no
you don’t notice
I have 50 to 50 approximately managers in my company
are mainly Tatar
so it has historically developed here at KAMAZ
where most of them work
but in principle 50 to 50  we
don’t even promise this question, I’ll tell you more
we eat eggs together on Easter Eid on
Eid al-Adha and Baranov, it’s all the same in the
Soviet Union, it was also like that somehow
everyone lived as friends And then once something
stopped living in one  at the moment they are
always friends with the Russians Well, 16 they
will stop being friends, maybe the
Chechens who lived in the Soviet Union
here in Grozny with the Russians They were friends, I
think they went there like a sheep together, ate
until Yes, it was, and then something
turned on and cut each other, true A
you know how many Chechens were on the
side of the Russian Federation When there was a
war, they naturally got some Yes, here are
some there 50 it was In the same way it
turns out in Tatarstan it can also be
yes that they love you now and then
Well, probably the problem is that Tatarstan  a
very economic region, not only that it
depends, it actively participates in the
life of Russia, a lot of money
is poured here from the budget of the Federal and
a lot. The fact is that
Tatarstan.
only oil happens And
what makes a frame besides oil,
we have a lot of production here, by the
way, look, I opened it.
3.8 million so, that is,
approximately two times not two times
less than one and a half less
oil exports Tatarstan one and a half million
barrels That is, Tatarstan
exports to the
Russian Federation Well,
no problem
[music]
Tatarstan 10 thousand dollars Almost 7
times less than the
average salary  in the frame of 4,500 thousand
dollars, the average salary
is so and how can you explain
such a difference, I can explain
the salary, I can immediately
above the average salary,
you will not find an ordinary
employee there who earns 60-7 thousand
if we take the GDP per person GDP
is produced by the country Yes, it is divided by
everything times higher than in Tatarstan who
takes the difference no Tatarstan is taken away
they take away people from whom
Well, I don’t know if people live or not, and
honestly, as far as I remember, there is a
certain one, you can see on it where they live
worse in the frame or in Tatarstan, for example, do
you think that’s your man. You were
that in Tatarstan, so it’s
normal
What do you think Where do people live better in
Tatarstan or the States of America And where
exactly is the United States, for example, in
New York in New York And who exactly is there in
New York there are also a lot of homeless people You
have people
statistical person Well, let's
say I said Maybe I didn't  said that
let's
not know, I just have no idea
what a boat is, to be honest, besides the fact
that this is a desert, a lot of oil, and now they have
separate cities, palaces, more and more and in the
World Cup it was cool there, that
is, they live in the desert, but somehow Damn
cool  They have a much higher GDP per capita,
yes, it turns out Well, what I
don’t really understand is where the GDP per capita is.
You understand that GDP per
capita And salaries
And how much are their salaries if we take
salaries
the same way as in Tatarstan I think it’s not clear
that  hairdresser services I think
Absolutely right it
turns out a person in the United States of
America he has a big salary
but what do you think
the ability to have such a thing cars
so that's how much our salary Why is the
cost of land for everyone for an
example, let's say a weaving weaving in
Kazan near Kazan will be much
cheaper than  in the same America, it’s much
cheaper how much land you bought for yourself.
I have 800,800 And what are you doing there?
clearly about the salary
Yes, for example, the salary in the frame is 4,500 in
Tatarstan 62 good for goods, for example,
goods that are computers What do you think
Where is more expensive in
Qatar or in Russia or approximately
what kind of
cars, for example, German how does
German cost I think in America, by the way, I
don’t know German in the frame in America
German German goods in Russia and in
the frame cost approximately the same
as China, perhaps, that is, look it
turns out We just realized that all
imported goods cost the same there, yes,
like approximately in Qatar and in Russia,
yes, imports can’t even be denied,
but in Qatar the salary  four times
more Well, okay, but the land How much does it cost in New
York As you said We compared with New York
more people want to buy a
specific piece of land
How much does it cost 800
I don’t think that someone wants to buy a summer house for themselves No,
it doesn’t matter themselves they offered  compare
Kazan which are new york Let's
compare how much it costs there
What is the need for a person in new york
to buy himself 8 acres for a summer residence for a concept
but not in a German car suppose you
understand what kind of car you buy but I
have a Frenchman understood well let's
French car in Qatar  and in
Tatarstan it costs the same, I don’t know, I
saw the prices that he said, well, what do you
think, look if I don’t know if the
market is global the
French made the car Yes, she
made my car the Russians French,
she assembled it in Russia, it was assembled in
Russia, but she made the components except for the
engines  and the running gear is all
this BMW
That is, it brings you Of course, you
can just that's all Well, why do
we have production events of the body from imported
components Really only three this
engine is a box Well, the running
company that produced this company is
Russian or French planting Luga
Russian
Who  she is Russian Well, these and others
Who produces the French car
Which corporation produces Peugeot
specifically here Kaluga is dangerous If you
have a French Peugeot Marseille, then
of course She received some
percentage of the cost of my car Who
specifically tightens the nut there
some Vasya asked who
I earn money  said two at least the
dog Kaluga understood, that is, it turns out
Let's So who takes the main
profit, the
additional cost takes, but I don't
know By the way, I don't know,
you can tell me how many percent of the
cost of Posada how much Kaluga I
think ours are welded on more than
the French, to be honest, it turns out that the
French are on  the French suckers work for you,
in short, yes, I didn’t say that, it turns out, I
understood the plant in Russia, they called it
there about the psalm,
the French with ours, at the same time, it’s
as important as it is, the same is already
building factories together. He doesn’t come
so Kaluga
now they are collecting there.
how do you spell it
dog dog it’s called Posad in Russian
I’m written there like
Kaluga Rus Well, probably Here she is, I see
her settlement Kaluga,
not inside here, I’m reading Forbesra for
2022, so the autoconcent stellantis
uniting
Peugeot cars for the seventeenth year or at its
plant here
these concerns No, well, maybe I
bought when my car was still working,
it says correctly Well, when Look at
what year you bought 18 Well 18 This is the plant of
this corporation, it’s not kaluzhnikov,
so I said the onion passak they made
the plant Together with ours they built capacities
our management
Your hired workers in Russia It may well be that the
plant turns out to be self-contained
then there was no
22 years old.
In Moscow, a
Russian company is building a house and taking
Tajiks who will lay bricks there
Yes, this house was built by a Russian
company or a Tajik one
I got confused again Which company was in
Moscow The
Russian company Gazprom, for example, is
building a building and hiring specialists from
Central Asia and they are at the construction site correctly
their staff naturally
Who built Who built it Gazprom
or Tajiks no
Gazprom is obviously
there the leadership of the
Tajiks but takes a contract hires them for a
contract including contractors earned
money
from you for example They say that this house
was built by Tajiks or the house was built by
Gazprom as they say
Which house is sometimes directly visible that the Tajiks
built  So let's say that the plant in Kaluga
was built by the Tajiks, it turns out They are
French.
I don't know if the Tajiks built it or not, but the dogs of the
groups. This one, which fears Kaluga, is a
Russian enterprise whose
founders were naturally French,
of course, the leader there must have been a Frenchman.
because it's 50 to 50
second,
as far as I remember, this
investment program was
federal from, uh, now Savru most
likely, that is, you want Let there be a
governor of groups 50% of the state's shares
subsidiaries in Russia in which the
French are naturally the founders and the main beneficiary  and
no I don’t argue Yes 50% of the capital
Well, as usual, the plant builds you just
get money for free, invests in
this case his name is he builds
this plant there are no such situations, too,
if there are 50 French and 50 whose then,
as far as I remember, these federal
programs
and why  according to you, conditional
governors come there, well, for example, there, or who are
your bosses in what regions, but they
also participate in negotiations
Well, because they knock out money for
the budget, they choose this grandmother for themselves
in order to make it shorter They were given a bribe in order
to let them down faster and there further
you can be like this with us because the
federal budget is where that's where you
can say I'm looking, I don't see
that there is money from the federal budget
Well, I remember that moment very well, I
won't say now Just that the
plant is really a joint venture of the group of 70
percent and Mitsubishi  Motors now
no then there was no
Mitsubishi 30 Find me somewhere now
yes now talantis because they swallowed the dog they took away no
then let's talk OK, they scored on
my car, there is stellantis, it's there
Fiat Mitsubishi and so on Posad,
including 70% of those 30% of all at the moment,
respectively, if there is
no state capital in the participation of this
organization, then it means you
weren't right No  Well, when I bought a car, it
clearly said that
50%, And where did they often sell it?
God, they sold it. It may well be by
the way. It may well be that ours
abandoned them when
these crappy ones started last year when
various foreign legal entities came out  It may well
be that ours just dumped them, and
everything happened with us repeatedly.
I don’t see somewhere that
yours don’t have any words at all, so
there, uh, how it’s not, I just didn’t understand
what the question was. Well, let’s say okay  let's say
Let it be the French The Spaniards are 100%
so it doesn't matter Just
remember this phrase 2007 but then
in the seventh they were also by the way
Yes, that's the year 17 that plans to
start production of
Jump and Peugeot commercial vehicles in 2018 Yes, there is no
state of this
part at all  absolutely no, I’m
not surprised at all that they won’t
write there simply because the money for
setting up a plant is one thing;
founding money, that is, fixed capital.
I mean, they didn’t come, they come because
they make a factory in order to
sell things. Why It
may well be, too, for example, they went into
electronics there, like they make
no one pays so that they don’t come in
profitably there.
money and it can be very simple,
let’s say, as they usually attract
investments, including the dog, the allocation of
free land, they didn’t have to buy land
these jobs, but that's
all it is,
of course, I said the French
machine of the
Russian
Well, except for the workers and materials
that are inserted there
No, well, in my opinion, the very idea itself is
a drawing That's all, of course it's
French What questions
if the iPhone iPhone is American or
Chinese
no no If  by analogy, as we now
decided by the French, that is, the American
American, that there the Chinese probably
collect it manually, yes, for example, or on
techno-Chinese ones True Well, look, you
agree that if it produces in
America, then a little market, then an apple, and
look at the market, no  differences,
for example,
they are sewn in Indonesia, for example, they make it
Indonesian, it’s true
to challenge there is no production of
Indonesian production, just the
workforce in Indonesia comes to you Nike
Look at mine there Indonesia is
correct Yes, well, that’s not much, that
is, for a brand for a ticket for a ticker, Nike will receive
money correctly one hundred percent  but
money but money for production and
shipping will receive Indonesia no
production Who will receive
Indonesia will receive workers' salaries Yes and
personal income tax taxes
it's understandable I mean but they will
receive money for production no open a
factory to produce
these shoes Yes I'm hiring  he
sews for me there, I pay him for the work, I
take it, I will receive only a salary
Well, this is a worker But besides the workers there is
still Everything I continue to sell these sneakers
wherever I want For how much profit and taking
them for themselves in Indonesia Well,
you take part of the surplus product for yourself
partially  but you pay for
electricity, shipping and stuff.
So he says it's 100%
American. It's impossible, of course, exactly the same. Well,
listen, I have a Fender guitar.
It's an American Fender company.
American made one specifically in
Mexico.  the
fender is American or Mexican,
but I bought a Mexican organization,
which, accordingly,
will give some part of the percentage later, no,
because there are no different taxation systems in
America,
there is no strong conviction
through careers in the shadow ban and even more,
Bogotol is not shown to people in
private, information about
streams is shown in order to have a little
operational animal, prefer it right at a
time, and try there in a kilogram of video
information and could bring you posting an
operational star.
Total type we will show you
[  music]